Dare to ask who this fellow Daoist is
Why did you trespass into the place where my original door was repaired?
Li Yiyuan, chief disciple of Xuanyi Dao Palace
You are self-cultivation
Although you are a waste
But your wife is a rare beauty
What do you want to say?
Ha nothing
Just let him know in advance
The Supreme Elder has promised me
Before taking him as the cauldron
Let me taste him first
I can't wait anymore.
Impudent to leave my original resting place
The Lord has not spoken yet
The two dogs began to protect their owners from the bottom of their hearts
Since you are so cowardly
Why don't I kill your dog first?
Maybe a little bit of your blood
Why divide you because of the words of a dying person?
Yo talk
I thought you were dumb
Hahahaha
Hey, kill now
Aren't you going to tear me to pieces?
Laugh hard
I'm going to die anyway
Laugh affectionately
A mere Yugu Street
What to kill
Take your ridiculous will?
By the way, you trash are very lucky
There is another such character around
Baby come with me
I can spare your life in the ring
Zeng Rabbit, please show some respect.
Lao Tzu likes to ride hunting horses the most
Come and play with me
Your mouth stinks
I really don't like it.